---
title: Our History
permalink: /about-us/history/
description: ""
---
# History of Bedok View Secondary School

Bedok View Secondary School was established and housed at Siglap Malay School as a holding school in January 1977. It started with 5 classes in the English stream and 4 in the Chinese Stream. Mr Mohd Said B H A Samad, the principal-designate, served the school for three and a half years until June 1981. 

Mr Soh Guan Ba took over as the principal from June 1981 to December 1995. Mr Ee Chye Heng joined the school from 1995 to 2000, after which Mr Khairunan bin Ali took over the post. From 2008 to 2011, Mr Boo Chong Han was principal. In 2012, Mr Jeffrey Low took over as principal until 2015. The current principal, From 2016-2020, Mrs Valerie Pinto was the principal. Mdm Teo Yvonne is currently the principal, joining the school in October 2020.

In January 1978, the school began functioning in the present premises and was officially opened on 28th September 1979 by Tuan Haji Sha'ari Tadin, the former MP for Bedok. It was the 139th school built by the government and it was also the first government secondary school to be built within Bedok New Town.

In 1992, major alterations and renovations to the existing building and the construction of the 4-storey classroom block were carried out under the Extension and Alteration Project. With the completion of the E and A Project, the school now has 36 classrooms, a commerce room, 4 computer laboratories and 6 science laboratories. Extension to the library, staff room and canteen were also carried out. In 1998, through the Repair & Repainting Programme, the school was repainted and given a facelift. The school now provides a more comfortable and conductive environment for teaching and learning. The school had undergone PRIME in 2003 and the project was completed in mid-2005. An Indoor Sports Hall and synthetic soccer field has been completed and is available for the use of the public. 

In 2015, the school embarked on its distinctive Applied Learning Programme (ALP) and Lifelong Learning Programme (LLP). The school’s ALP, Global Awareness for the 21st Century@BV, centres on developing Bedok Viewans to be confident communicators and critical thinkers with a sense of global awareness. The school’s LLP, Good Values@BV, focuses on providing opportunities for moral action and constant reflection to reinforce school values and to internalise the CCE learning outcomes. It also seeks to provide students with real-life experiential learning, developing soft skills, and self-reflection through all CCAs. 

Bedok View celebrated its 40th Anniversary, in 2017, with the theme ‘Blazing a Trail @40’, encapsulating its achievements of 4 decades. The BV Lighthouse, the school symbol was constructed and the Heritage Wall was created. Our Guest-of-Honour, BV Alumnus, Dr Faishal Ibrahim, Parliamentary Secretary, Ministry of Education and Ministry of Social & Family Development unveiled the Lighthouse and launched the Heritage Wall. The first BV corporate video ever produced also made its debut during the event. The school also brought back FAME – the Festival of Arts, Movement and Entrepreneurship - on 30 June 2017 to celebrate Youth Day with a fun-filled, energetic, and meaningful festival where staff and students showcased their talents in the Arts and had fun with sports and being an entrepreneur for a day. Proceeds from the FAME Bazaar and the sale of the 40th Anniversary souvenir bears, Blaze and Ruby, were donated to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. The inaugural Aesthetics Gallery, a collaborative project by Art students and teachers was also launched. For the first time in BV’s history, the 40th Anniversary Alumni Homecoming dinner took place on 22 September. The nostalgic evening, bonding present and past students and teachers spanning over 30 years, was celebrated in our school hall.

The Bedok View story continues with many more dreams to be achieved and accolades to be harnessed as we enter the next phase to realise our vision of Learners who learn for life, Leaders who light the way..